content/pages/take-action/donate.rst, before:

Donate
######
:url: take-action/donate.html
:save_as: take-action/donate.html

NumFOCUS is a 501(c)3 nonprofit in the United States. Your tax deductible
donations go towards funding the following activities:

- Sponsor sprints and conferences

- Provide scholarships and grants

- Provide hardware grants for student developers

- Pay for the creation of publicly-available documentation and basic course development

- Work with domain-specific organizations

- Raise funds from industries using Python and NumPy

NumFOCUS is soliciting and accepting donations from individuals, institutional
sponsors and corporations.  For details regarding corporate sponsorship are
available at our `corporate sponsorship page`_.


How to Donate
-------------

There are many ways to give. We have tried to make it as simple as
possible to donate to NumFOCUS. You can use any of the following payment
providers.


* **PayPal** - (2.90% + $0.30 / transaction)
   .. raw:: html

       <form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post">
         <input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick"/>
         <input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="HK2N4RM5NMDZC"/>
         <input type="image"
                src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif" 
                border="0"
                name="submit"
                alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!"/><br />
         <img alt=""
               border="0"
               src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif"
               alt="pixel"
               width="1"
               height="1"/>
       </form>


* **Dwolla** - ($0.25 / transaction) -- No credit cards and U.S. banks only
   .. raw:: html

       <input onclick="location.href='https://www.dwolla.com/hub/numfocus?memo=General%20Fund';"
              type="image"
              src="https://www.dwolla.com/content/images/btn-donate-with-dwolla.png" />

* **Bitcoin** - (1% / transaction)
   .. raw:: html

       <form action="https://bitpay.com/checkout" method="post" >
         <input type="hidden" name="action" value="checkout" />
         <input type="hidden" name="posData" value="" />
         <input type="hidden" name="data" value="RB/WxxHHgnPMjN0YyUijaAt3zS8ANaE0aoaNSiGxrBEZK3IrtDUEDF44QQU+nQVgofeuxCUMsWkjuBlAVXIXF1a4CI4+CfwrPFL4HOMB1BqTkeWVijGZiFVT2/O5fjc/34NIkVaftlLW8NHsS/m5p+5+5t8VGJ+OK/NOT9qz8d2pzMv5EcBUwQ8Q31sNvuZSzvwamDtT+51w2nNCVu6r+FRjdrErOPoI7yU4IViv+Numu55KoL3urtm4Id1zOHw6" />
         <input type="image" src="https://bitpay.com/img/donate-md.png" border="0" name="submit" alt="BitPay, the easy way to pay with bitcoins." >
       </form>

* **Checks** -  Make payable to NumFOCUS and mail to::

     NumFOCUS
     P.O. Box 90596
     Austin, TX 78709


**Your personal contribution is greatly appreciated!**

.. _pdf for preview: |filename|/pdfs/GranteeGrantorFSA.pdf
.. _LaTeX template: https://github.com/numfocus/fiscal-sponsorship 
.. _corporate sponsorship page: |filename|/pages/take-action/sponsorship.rst

Commit message:

added link to Projects page for individual project donations

content/pages/take-action/donate.rst, after:

Donate
######
:url: take-action/donate.html
:save_as: take-action/donate.html

NumFOCUS is a 501(c)3 nonprofit in the United States. Your tax deductible
donations go towards funding the following activities:

- Sponsor sprints and conferences

- Provide scholarships and grants

- Provide hardware grants for student developers

- Pay for the creation of publicly-available documentation and basic course development

- Work with domain-specific organizations

- Raise funds from industries using Python and NumPy

NumFOCUS is soliciting and accepting donations from individuals, institutional
sponsors and corporations.  For details regarding corporate sponsorship are
available at our `corporate sponsorship page`_.


How to Donate
-------------

There are many ways to give. We have tried to make it as simple as
possible to donate to NumFOCUS. You can use any of the payment
providers listed below.


* **PayPal** - (2.90% + $0.30 / transaction)
   .. raw:: html

       <form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post">
         <input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick"/>
         <input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="HK2N4RM5NMDZC"/>
         <input type="image"
                src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif" 
                border="0"
                name="submit"
                alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!"/><br />
         <img alt=""
               border="0"
               src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif"
               alt="pixel"
               width="1"
               height="1"/>
       </form>


* **Dwolla** - ($0.25 / transaction) -- No credit cards and U.S. banks only
   .. raw:: html

       <input onclick="location.href='https://www.dwolla.com/hub/numfocus?memo=General%20Fund';"
              type="image"
              src="https://www.dwolla.com/content/images/btn-donate-with-dwolla.png" />

* **Bitcoin** - (1% / transaction)
   .. raw:: html

       <form action="https://bitpay.com/checkout" method="post" >
         <input type="hidden" name="action" value="checkout" />
         <input type="hidden" name="posData" value="" />
         <input type="hidden" name="data" value="RB/WxxHHgnPMjN0YyUijaAt3zS8ANaE0aoaNSiGxrBEZK3IrtDUEDF44QQU+nQVgofeuxCUMsWkjuBlAVXIXF1a4CI4+CfwrPFL4HOMB1BqTkeWVijGZiFVT2/O5fjc/34NIkVaftlLW8NHsS/m5p+5+5t8VGJ+OK/NOT9qz8d2pzMv5EcBUwQ8Q31sNvuZSzvwamDtT+51w2nNCVu6r+FRjdrErOPoI7yU4IViv+Numu55KoL3urtm4Id1zOHw6" />
         <input type="image" src="https://bitpay.com/img/donate-md.png" border="0" name="submit" alt="BitPay, the easy way to pay with bitcoins." >
       </form>

* **Checks** -  Make payable to NumFOCUS and mail to::

     NumFOCUS
     P.O. Box 90596
     Austin, TX 78709



`Click here to donate to a specific NumFOCUS project.`_

**Your personal contribution is greatly appreciated!**

.. _pdf for preview: |filename|/pdfs/GranteeGrantorFSA.pdf
.. _LaTeX template: https://github.com/numfocus/fiscal-sponsorship 
.. _corporate sponsorship page: |filename|/pages/take-action/sponsorship.rst
.. _Click here to donate to a specific NumFOCUS project.: |filename|/pages/projects/index.rst
