content/pages/take-action/join-numfocus.rst, before:

Joining NumFOCUS
################
:url: take-action/join.html
:save_as: take-action/join.html

NumFOCUS was formed in 2012 with the goal of "promoting the use of accessible and reproducible computing in science and technology."  The Foundation's work is largely centered around Python and its tools.  

NumFOCUS is excited to announce membership is now open!  Community involvement is critical to supporting NumFocus' projects and making Python more visible in the scientific and engineering community.

How To Join NumFOCUS
--------------------

You can join NumFOCUS by completing the `Member Information Form <https://docs.google.com/a/continuum.io/spreadsheet/viewform?usp=drive_web&formkey=dEt4MGJ2Rk0zSFJLTHNIMGhGWDdTYVE6MQ#gid=0>`_.


**Membership Types**

- **Community Member**: Anyone may become a Community Member by filling out the `Member Information Form <https://docs.google.com/a/continuum.io/spreadsheet/viewform?usp=drive_web&formkey=dEt4MGJ2Rk0zSFJLTHNIMGhGWDdTYVE6MQ#gid=0>`_.  Community Members can become involved in NumFOCUS through any of the avenues listed above.


- **Supporting Member**: Individuals who support NumFOCUS with an annual financial contribution.  Through their donation, Supporting Members provide crucial assistance to the ecosystem of NumFOCUS projects.   Supporting Members also enjoy the right to vote on certain Foundation actions, and receive a 30% discount on `PyData <http://pydata.org/>`_ conferences and additional discounts on products (e.g. 20% off IOPro and Accelerate from `Continuum <http://continuum.io>`_).  Minimum yearly dues for Supporting Members are:

  - Professional: $128/yr
  - Early Professional (<5 years after school): $64/yr
  - Student or Retired: $32/yr
  - Lifetime Supporting Member: $4000 one time

The following categories of membership demonstrate special
recognition by the NumFOCUS community of members' contributions towards
the goals of NumFOCUS.


- **Contributing Member**: Are admitted by majority vote of the board of
  directors based on contributions to the communities of interest to NumFOCUS.
  They receive all the benefits of Supporting Members.


- **Fellow**: Are nominated by a board member and approved by
  a 2/3 majority vote of the Board of Directors. Fellows must have previously
  been a Community, Supporting or Contributing Member. This membership is
  intended to honor contributions of the highest order to the NumFOCUS mission.


- **Member Emeritus**: Are former Supporting, Contributing or Fellow members that 
  are currently inactive. A switch to emeritus status can be initiated by the member themselves or by the board. If by the board, it must be approved by a 2/3 majority vote. Emeritus members may reactivate their previous membership status by
  sending such a request by email.

**Corporate Sponsorships** are also available and encouraged and details can be
found on the `sponsorship page <|filename|sponsorship.rst>`_, but all members of NumFOCUS are individuals.

**Examples of the numerous ways members can become involved include:**

-  Joining committees and teams formed to help further the goals of NumFOCUS
-  Helping to build a system to keep track of scientific and engineering publications.
-  Advocating the use of the projects NumFOCUS supports by recording and publicizing success stores of researchers and companies who use them.
-  Facilitating or volunteering at educational events such as: conferences, workshops, and sprints.
-  Helping with the selection of individuals and organizations to receive financial support for conferences, workshops, and fellowships.
-  Suggesting and assisting in the formation of committees

**Other advantages of membership include:**

-  20% Discount on PyData conferences
-  Discounts on products - (e.g. 10% off IOPro from Continuum).
-  Networking with others in the scientific and engineering Python community
-  A chance to have greater insight into NumFOCUS and to influence its work
-  A chance to provide real support to open source projects that you use
-  Opportunity to highlight one’s personal or corporate involvement with the foundation

Full details on membership may be found in the amended `bylaws <|filename|/media/docs/bylaws.pdf>`_.

Commit message:

added line telling supporting members to donate

content/pages/take-action/join-numfocus.rst, after:

Joining NumFOCUS
################
:url: take-action/join.html
:save_as: take-action/join.html

NumFOCUS was formed in 2012 with the goal of "promoting the use of accessible and reproducible computing in science and technology."  The Foundation's work is largely centered around Python and its tools.  

NumFOCUS is excited to announce membership is now open!  Community involvement is critical to supporting NumFocus' projects and making Python more visible in the scientific and engineering community.

How To Join NumFOCUS
--------------------

You can join NumFOCUS by completing the `Member Information Form <https://docs.google.com/a/continuum.io/spreadsheet/viewform?usp=drive_web&formkey=dEt4MGJ2Rk0zSFJLTHNIMGhGWDdTYVE6MQ#gid=0>`_.


**Membership Types**

- **Community Member**: Anyone may become a Community Member by filling out the `Member Information Form <https://docs.google.com/a/continuum.io/spreadsheet/viewform?usp=drive_web&formkey=dEt4MGJ2Rk0zSFJLTHNIMGhGWDdTYVE6MQ#gid=0>`_.  Community Members can become involved in NumFOCUS through any of the avenues listed above.


- **Supporting Member**: Individuals who support NumFOCUS with an annual financial contribution.  Through their donation, Supporting Members provide crucial assistance to the ecosystem of NumFOCUS projects.   Supporting Members also enjoy the right to vote on certain Foundation actions, and receive a 30% discount on `PyData <http://pydata.org/>`_ conferences and additional discounts on products (e.g. 20% off IOPro and Accelerate from `Continuum <http://continuum.io>`_).  Minimum yearly dues for Supporting Members are:

  - Professional: $128/yr
  - Early Professional (<5 years after school): $64/yr
  - Student or Retired: $32/yr
  - Lifetime Supporting Member: $4000 one time

**To become a Supporting Member**, please `make your donation <|filename|donate.rst>`_ and fill out the `Member Information Form <https://docs.google.com/a/continuum.io/spreadsheet/viewform?usp=drive_web&formkey=dEt4MGJ2Rk0zSFJLTHNIMGhGWDdTYVE6MQ#gid=0>`_.

The following categories of membership demonstrate special
recognition by the NumFOCUS community of members' contributions towards
the goals of NumFOCUS.


- **Contributing Member**: Are admitted by majority vote of the board of
  directors based on contributions to the communities of interest to NumFOCUS.
  They receive all the benefits of Supporting Members.


- **Fellow**: Are nominated by a board member and approved by
  a 2/3 majority vote of the Board of Directors. Fellows must have previously
  been a Community, Supporting or Contributing Member. This membership is
  intended to honor contributions of the highest order to the NumFOCUS mission.


- **Member Emeritus**: Are former Supporting, Contributing or Fellow members that 
  are currently inactive. A switch to emeritus status can be initiated by the member themselves or by the board. If by the board, it must be approved by a 2/3 majority vote. Emeritus members may reactivate their previous membership status by
  sending such a request by email.

**Corporate Sponsorships** are also available and encouraged and details can be
found on the `sponsorship page <|filename|sponsorship.rst>`_, but all members of NumFOCUS are individuals.

**Examples of the numerous ways members can become involved include:**

-  Joining committees and teams formed to help further the goals of NumFOCUS
-  Helping to build a system to keep track of scientific and engineering publications.
-  Advocating the use of the projects NumFOCUS supports by recording and publicizing success stores of researchers and companies who use them.
-  Facilitating or volunteering at educational events such as: conferences, workshops, and sprints.
-  Helping with the selection of individuals and organizations to receive financial support for conferences, workshops, and fellowships.
-  Suggesting and assisting in the formation of committees

**Other advantages of membership include:**

-  20% Discount on PyData conferences
-  Discounts on products - (e.g. 10% off IOPro from Continuum).
-  Networking with others in the scientific and engineering Python community
-  A chance to have greater insight into NumFOCUS and to influence its work
-  A chance to provide real support to open source projects that you use
-  Opportunity to highlight one’s personal or corporate involvement with the foundation

Full details on membership may be found in the amended `bylaws <|filename|/media/docs/bylaws.pdf>`_.
